So hex,
we're probably all familiar with, right?
It's the base 16
representation of a color.
So if you didn't go to computer science
school or you don't understand like this,
that's totally fine hex means hexadecimal,
so base 16.
So we count in base 10,
so digits 0 through 9.
Binary is base two,
hex is gonna be base 16.
So you'll have the digits 0 through 9, and
then also the letters A through F,
that's kinda where that comes from.
So we're probably pretty
familiar with hex.
You probably are also familiar with RGB,
so
this is the additive color mixing model
that we just looked at previously.
So it mixes red, green,
and blue light sources.
RGBA is the same as RGB but
it has a fourth parameter, alpha,
that represents the opacity of each pixel.
And lastly,
you probably haven't heard of this if you
don't work with designers regularly, but
the CYMK value, it's the subtroctive color
mixing model that's used in print design.
I didn't actually know that there were two
different kinds of values, like I just
assumed printed media was the same, like
I just assumed it was all RGB, it's not.
So and that's fascinating.